welcome back to movies explained in
today's video we're looking at the 2019
horror thriller film the platform a man
is checking up on the people who are
cooking and decorating various dishes he
tastes the different items and moves
counter to counter analyzing the food a
man says there are three types of people
those at the top those at the bottom and
those who fall goring wakes up in a cell
and sees a man sitting in front of him
the man says level 48 he starts talking
about the start of a new month and the
food that will be served on level 48.
goring asks the man what are we going to
eat to which he says obviously what the
people above us don't eat goring stands
up from his bed and looks down and above
his level he sees different prisoners
and sees a lot of floors goring
introduces himself to his cellmate and
puts his hand forward for a handshake
but the man asks goring to go back to
his side the man introduces himself as
trimagassi and tells goring that they
have to eat in the hole sometimes it
will be easy and sometimes it won't be
depending on the assigned level
trimagassi tells goring that level 48 is
a good one
goring tries to talk to the people below
through the hole but trimagase tells him
to stop because the lower levels are
below them well the upper ones don't
answer because they are above them he
tells him that he has been in the pit
for many months he explains to goring
how the hole works and informs him of
the administration moving people to
different levels every month after
talking for some time trimagassi says i
will give you as much information as
much you'll give me and shuts up the
green light in the cell turns on and the
platform with food stops on level 48.
trimagassi attacks the food and starts
eating as much as he can goring sits in
his place watching trimagassi eat
asks goring to have some food but he
says i'm not hungry goring grabs an
apple from the platform when it descends
trimagusy spits on the food and goring
makes a disgusted face the temperature
of the cell starts rising and both of
the cell mates start feeling the heat
trimagassi tells goring that he kept
some food from the platform so they will
now be kept in the rising temperature
until their flesh is burned or they'll
be frozen to death goring throws the
apple he kept down the floors and the
temperature returns to normal a woman is
interviewing goring the woman tells him
that he can't escape once he enters the
hole until his period expires she also
informs goring that he can take any one
object with him in the hole goring says
to trimagase i will tell you the reason
why i'm here and then you will tell me
yours goring tells him of coming into
the hole voluntarily to get an
accredited diploma in return for his
stay trimagassi is amazed to know goring
chose this hell himself while trim
agassi is eating the food goring asks
why are you in the hole trimagassi tells
him of an ad he saw on the tv of a
samurai max knife he got the blade and
then saw another commercial for a more
advanced version of it called the
samurai plus and he got that one too he
tells goring about a murder he committed
and that he had a choice between coming
to the hole or going to a mental
institution and he chose the whole
goring finds out about the other levels
and that they are deprived of food he
wonders how people survive without food
and suggests asking people on the upper
levels about rationing so that the
people on the lower levels don't starve
trimagassi tells him that no one will
listen to this so there is no use of
trying goring shows him a copy of don
quixote he bought and asks trimagassi to
show the object he brought trimagassi
shows him the samurai plus blade days
pass and goring starts eating the food
from the platform trimagassi makes lines
on the wall with his knife and is
fascinated by how sharp the blade
becomes unusing again and again goring
tries to stop him when a body falls from
the upper levels trimagassi is
unaffected while goring is rattled to
see no one doing anything about the dead
body trimagassi asks goring to pray that
they stay on the same level he tells him
that he first woke up on level 172 and
he has been on different levels last
month he was on
goring accuses trimagassi of killing his
cellmate due to the lack of food on
those levels the platform arrives again
but this time with a woman sitting on it
along with the food goring asks
trimagassi about her and he tells him
that the woman maheru comes down every
month looking for her child he tries to
ask the woman how she's doing but then
the platform moves down the men on the
lower level drag maheru by foot while
goring looks for a way to help her when
she appears soaked in the blood of the
people she just killed trimagassi tells
goring that he did not murder his
cellmate he says my cellmate completed
his time in the hole and now he must be
somewhere garnering success with his
diploma trimagassi further tells goring
about eating human flesh but not
committing a murder ever he then asks
goring to read him a chapter from the
book he brought goring reads him a
chapter the month passes and goring and
trimagassi become good friends they
dance exercise and read together one
night they're lying on their beds when
trimagassi asks goring if he believes in
god or not he says if you believe then
pray for us because they are going to
put us to sleep with the gas and we'll
wake up on a different level tomorrow
goring wakes up tied to the bed with a
piece cloth stuffed in his mouth
trimagusy tells him that he is younger
and stronger and can survive the
circumstances he says you will see me
differently after some time hunger will
drive you mad it's better to eat than be
eaten he says he will spare goring for
eight days but he has to consume his
flesh after that goring calls trumagossi
a murderer but he says i'm just afraid
like you are i have samurai plus if you
cooperate maybe there is a possibility
for you to live he tells goring he will
slice his flesh and will take care of
his wounds and even give him his flesh
to eat goring tries to convince ramagasi
that he will be solely responsible for
his murder and he will not be able to
live with himself if he chooses to do it
trimagase is unaffected by goring's
words and tells him it will be his last
month in the hole and then he'll be free
to go days pass and goring continues to
scream and yell while trimagassi roams
around bathing and reading the book
after some days tramagassi informs
goring that the time has come and he no
longer can resist the hunger and his
brain is clouded he takes out his knife
and says i will just take small pieces
of your flesh goring again tells him
that his murder will be trimagassi's
responsibility not the upper levels or
the administration trimagassi puts a
cloth in goring's mouth and starts
cutting pieces of meat from his leg
maheru comes down on the platform and
slices trimagassi's throat
[Music]
she frees goring who takes the knife
from her hand and stabs trumagasi
multiple times until he dies when goring
wakes up he finds his leg bandaged and
sees maheru eating the flesh from
trimagassi's body she brings some to
gaaring who vomits it out maheru gives
him some water and tries feeding him the
meat again
she leaves on the platform when goring
asks her about her child the man in
charge of the kitchen looks at a dish
and yells at the chefs meanwhile goring
is alone starving in his cell he eats
some worms and hallucinates trumagasi
who reminds him of being a murderer like
him trimugasi tells him that now he is a
part of goring's mind and body and will
be with him forever the light fades and
goring wakes up on level 33 with a woman
sitting in front of him with her dog the
woman introduces herself as imagiry and
her dog is remisses the second goring
says to her it's not a good idea to
bring a dog in here he will be dead
tomorrow imagiry tells him that he is
the first to bring a book because most
people prefer to carry weapons goring
notices that imagiry used his name so he
asks her how she knows his name he
recognizes her as the interviewer before
he entered the hole goring asks her to
send him out but she tells him she
cannot do anything about it as he came
involuntarily goring says you don't know
about the deaths in the hole she tells
him that they prefer to call it a
vertical self-management center goring
complains of not having enough food for
everyone to eat and rants about the
conditions of the levels himagiri tells
him if everyone eats only what they need
the food would reach the lower levels
the platform comes and goring starts
eating the food while imagiry makes two
portion meals for the people on the next
level she tells goring that she switches
days with her dog and eats on alternate
days when the platform goes to the next
level imagine tries to convince the
people to only eat the portion she
prepared and passing the rest of the
food to the next level but the people
yell at her and call her crazy days pass
and imigary continues trying to convince
people to start eating in portions but
they never listen to her one day goring
threatens to crap on the food if the
people don't follow what she says in
magiri tells him that she wanted to
persuade them in her own way but goring
said persuasion would never work like
threats the platform comes again and
this time it brings the injured mahera
with it goring manages to get her on the
bed when they notice the temperature
dropping goring spots remisses with a
bone and runs to him to get it away from
their level goring is sleeping when the
fighting noise wakes him up he discovers
that maheru killed remises goring tries
to explain to mcgeary that maheru did
all this because of her son imigiri
tells him that maheru entered the whole
10 months ago and she has no family or
kids she's an actress who started
killing people when she came into the
pit she shows regret about sending
people to hell for the past eight years
and reveals to goring that she has
terminal cancer
the chefs are cooking and making snail
dishes the platform comes to level 33
again and goring spots untouched snails
which he eats and enjoys the light fades
again and he wakes up on level 202. when
he looks around he finds imagery hanging
from a rope he starts having visions
again and imigary invites him to eat her
body goring tries to resist eating human
flesh for some days but finally gives in
and cuts into mcgeary's body and eats
her flesh when he wakes up he finds
himself on level six with a black man
named bahret trying to get to the upper
levels in escape he tries to climb up
and asks for help from the cell mates of
the upper levels but they act like
pricks
the platform arrives and is full of food
goring eats some and gives an apple to
bahrain goring is lying down when he's
haunted by trimagassi again he decides
to make the food reach lower levels and
barrett joins him on his mission they
take the metal rods from the cell goring
tells bahrain about the 250 floors he
calculated they get on the platform
which starts to go down to the lower
levels the people on the next level ask
for food but goring tells bharat they
will begin handing over the food and
portions from level 51. the people who
resist following the instructions are
attacked and killed by goring and barret
they reach a level where one wise
prisoner tells them to send a message to
level zero he suggests goring in bahrain
decorate a dish and keep it intact as
the platform returns to level zero he
asks them to imagine the message it will
give to the people the man asks both of
them to take care of panacada as if
their life depended on it goring tries
to convince the people that they have to
starve for one day to get the message to
the administration but the people resist
so he has to kill them when they pass
250 levels they realize that 250 is not
the end level and there are further
levels below 250. as they descend they
find two men killing maheru goring and
bahrain try to fight them off but are
wounded during the fight maheru is
killed and both goring and bahrain are
badly injured they get on the platform
as they travel down they see people dead
some that have lost their minds and
doing insane stuff when they are on
level 333 bahrain says no one's left get
ready we're going up goring spots a
child hiding under the bed he finds out
that the girl was maher's daughter so he
asks bahrain to offer her the pie they
have been carrying the girl eats it all
of them are sleeping under the red light
goring sees bahrain telling him that the
girl is the message in his dreams when
goring wakes up he finds out that
bahrain died of bleeding from his wounds
he drags himself and takes the girl with
him on the platform the platform
descends to the bottom of the pit when
he reaches there he hallucinates
trimagasi who tells him that the message
requires no bearer goring gets off the
platform as it ascends with the girl on
it the story ends with goring walking
with trimagassi as the girl goes up the
platform
you